[Music]
eleven military hacks that'll make your
life easier being a soldier often
requires some real-life macgyvering
but you don't have to be in the military
to benefit from tips like putting duct
tape on your feet to prevent blisters or
using cotton balls and Vaseline to get
your camp fire started here are 11
tricks from the men and women in uniform
that'll make your life a lot easier
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]
number 11 duct taping your feet duct
tape was originally invented to help
World War two soldiers keep water out of
their ammunition cases it came and just
army green which when combined with its
waterproof properties gave it the
nickname duct tape nowadays soldiers use
it to prevent blisters and calluses
caused by those notoriously
uncomfortable military boots you can do
the same if you run long distances for
extended periods of time or you just
have that one pair of shoes that always
ends up giving you painful blisters just
put some strips of duct tape over the
areas on your feet that rub against your
shoes the most to decrease the friction
you can also put a band-aid underneath
if you already have a blister there
number ten latter lacing for added ankle
support soldiers might have to wear
boots all the time but most of us bust
them out during the winter and you know
what's common in winter slippery patches
of ice that can send you to the hospital
with a sprained ankle for added ankle
support lace your boots the military way
here's the technique 1 start at the
bottom pair of eyelets make sure to lace
the string from the inside out
2 next put the lace through the eyelet
that's right above the one it's coming
out of on the same side do it from the
outside in 3 cross the laces in the
middle pull them up and under the
opposite lace on the other side and
bring them vertically through the eyelet
on the next level like you did in step 2
or we're beat steps number two and three
until you reach the top five tie your
shoe strings with a basic bow or a
double knot for a better hold if you
still have a lot of lace left although
you shouldn't with this lettering
technique just wrap it around your ankle
and then tie it
tuck the remaining laces inside your
shoe the steps sound complicated but
you'll get it down really fast with some
practice number nine maxi pads for first
aid in case of an emergency you can use
sanitary pads to prevent a wound from
bleeding out I mean the whole purpose of
a maxi pad is to absorb blood flow right
doctors even gave this hack their stamp
of approval based on a study by Canada's
Dalhousie University and st. John
Regional Hospital sanitary napkins are
just as hygienic as sterile gauze all
you got to do is place a maxi pad over
the wound and bind it down with duct
tape
of course you'll still need emergency
medical services but this is a useful
hack when you're in a pinch
number eight putting sugar on wounds
speaking of first aid in a pinch you can
put sugar on a wound to prevent
bacterial infection don't worry because
this unconventional medical treatment
has scientific backing based on a study
by the University of Arizona's college
of medicine not to mention it was one of
the most popular topical wound cures in
ancient times you see bacteria can't
multiply in a super sugary environment
so you can cover the wound with a sugar
paste or just plain sugar keep it
covered like this until you can get to a
medical professional or one gets to you
number seven running tights for added
warmth running or compression tights
aren't just for jogging or making a
fashion statement you can wear them
under almost any pants without them
being noticeable this is a life saver
when it comes to staying warm and really
low temperatures so whether you're ice
skating or going for a hike in some cold
region don't forget to put your running
tights on first
[Music]
number six super shiny shoes there's a
very particular hack when it comes to
those super shiny soldier shoes say that
five times fast super shiny soldier
shoes super shiny soldier shoes super
shiny soldier shoes super shut okay take
a generous amount of shoe shine
rub it on your leather shoes or boots
and let it sit for ten to fifteen
minutes then go over the area with a
lighter or flame and get ready to see
your own reflection for a finishing
touch use a clean damp cloth to polish
the surface oh and please be extra
careful when it comes to being near a
flame if your shoes aren't made from a
fire resistant material like real
leather do not try this act number five
the military tuck if your shirt is a
little too big for you
maybe you've recently lost some weight
and haven't been able to buy new clothes
tucking it and having it look nice can't
seem an impossible task just use the
military fold and tuck technique to look
crisp and professional in a nil fitted
shirt here's how to do it
one tuck in your shirt but leave your
pants unbuttoned for the mean time to
put your thumb and forefinger to pinch
both sides of your shirt seams three
pull it down until the fabric is taut
four fold each side backwards five
button up your pants and throw on a belt
to keep the pleats in place number four
cotton and Vaseline as a fire starter
now before you throw that bottle of
petroleum jelly in the garbage for fear
that it's going to start a fire in your
house listen to this dr. Elizabeth
Winslow a research consultant at the
Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas a test
that Vaseline is not a fire risk cotton
however is a great fire starter the only
downside is it burns up too fast
so by covering cotton balls in petroleum
jelly and lighting them on fire you get
a strong but steady flame that keeps on
burning a great hack next time you go
camping number three
lose a tail when driving if you ever
feel like the driver in your rear-view
mirror is following you all you gotta do
is make four consecutive turns in a row
this is usual
the best way to lose a tail if you still
can see your alleged pursuer please call
emergency service right away or just
drive to the nearest police station
number two making a pristine bed this
list wouldn't be complete without
instruction on how to make that iconic
crisp a military bet here's how to get
those corners no fitted sheet can
achieve one start by tucking the bottom
of the sheet between the mattress and
box spring make sure there are no
wrinkles or bunching to do the same
thing on the head of the bed as you did
at the foot making sure to pull that
sheet taut three pinch the sheet about
16 inches away from one of the bottom
corners and lift it up a bit
tuck in the material between the corner
and your fingers 4 put your finger
against the corner to keep it sharp and
fold the rest of the material over you
should end up with a 45-degree line in
the sheet on the outside of the corner 5
we'll repeat the steps for the rest of
the bed corners number 1 peeing in the
shower urinating in the shower might be
a controversial topic in some households
or even a dirty little secret for some
people but according to the medical
community and actually prevents and
cures athlete's foot urine has natural
properties like uric acid and ammonia
that help fight fungal infections so if
you think about it you're pretty much
giving yourself an instant spa treatment
free of charge not to mention of course
you'll save a ton on your water bill and
decrease your ecological footprint
sounds like a win-win to me a kind of
gross win-win but still
which of these military hacks are you
willing to try out let us know in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life